README.md, before:

# RankOne

RankOne is a collection of SEO tools for Umbraco that aim to optimize your content according to the latest SEO standards.

RankOne currently contains 3 different property editors for Umbraco:
- Dashboard: Score based list of seo improvements
- Summary: A list of seo improvements
- Result preview: A google search result preview

## Supported versions ##
Umbraco 7.4+

### Install Dependencies ###
*Requires Node.js to be installed and in your system path*

    npm install -g grunt-cli && npm install -g grunt
    npm install

### Build ###
    grunt

   Builds the project to `/dist/`.  These files can be dropped into an Umbraco 7 site, or you can build directly to a site using:

    grunt --target="C:\inetpub\umbraco"

You can also watch for changes using:

    grunt watch
    grunt watch --target="C:\inetpub\umbraco"


Add `--touch` to either command to automatically touch the web.config on a deploy

    grunt package

Creates an Umbraco package

    grunt nuget

Creates a nuget package

Commit message:

Added install informatie to readme

README.md, after:

# RankOne

RankOne is a collection of SEO tools for Umbraco that aim to optimize your content according to the latest SEO standards.

RankOne currently contains 3 different property editors for Umbraco:
- Dashboard: Score based list of seo improvements
- Summary: A list of seo improvements
- Result preview: A google search result preview

## How to install ##

1. Create a package using the grunt package task
2. Install the package
3. Create a doctype or composition
4. Create a new tab
5. Create a new property with the RankOne - Dashboard datatype
6. Save it all and you're ready to go

## How to add a focus keyword ##

1. In the content tree click the node(s) where the dashboard is installed on
2. Go to the seo tab
3. On the right hand corner click on the cog
4. Fill in your focus keyword and click save
4. Click save and publish on the node to save the keyword and reload the dashboard

## Supported versions ##
Umbraco 7.4+

### Install Dependencies ###
*Requires Node.js to be installed and in your system path*

    npm install -g grunt-cli && npm install -g grunt
    npm install

### Build ###
    grunt

   Builds the project to `/dist/`.  These files can be dropped into an Umbraco 7 site, or you can build directly to a site using:

    grunt --target="C:\inetpub\umbraco"

You can also watch for changes using:

    grunt watch
    grunt watch --target="C:\inetpub\umbraco"


Add `--touch` to either command to automatically touch the web.config on a deploy

    grunt package

Creates an Umbraco package

    grunt nuget

Creates a nuget package
